You will need a 1.4L oval ovenproof dish that will fit inside a
roasting tin.

Ingredients:

For the base
600ml full-fat milk
25g butter, plus extra for greasing the dish
1 lemon, zest finely grated
50g caster sugar
3 free-range eggs, yolks only
75g fresh white breadcrumbs

For the meringue
175g caster sugar
3 free-range eggs, whites only

For the fruit jam
200g fresh mixed summer fruits, or 500g frozen. (Alternatively you can 
use raspberry jam if you prefer.)
200g caster sugar (or to taste)

To serve
pouring cream

Directions

1. Preheat the oven to 170C and grease a 1.4 litre shallow ovenproof 
dish (one that will fit into a roasting tin) with butter.
2. For the base, very gently warm the milk in a small saucepan. Add the 
butter, lemon zest and the 50g of sugar, stir until dissolved.
3. Lightly whisk the egg yolks in a bowl. Slowly pour the warm milk 
into the eggs, while whisking.
4. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs over the base of the buttered dish and pour 
over the custard. Leave to stand for about 15 minutes, so the
breadcrumbs absorb the liquid.
5. Carefully transfer the dish to a roasting tin and fill the tin 
halfway with hot water. Bake the custard in the preheated oven for 
about 25-30 minutes until the custard has set. Remove from the oven and 
set aside to cool a little.
6. Meanwhile, put the mixed summer fruits into a pan and warm over a 
gentle heat. Once they’ve softened and released their juice, add the 
sugar and cook for a further three minutes.
7. Heat gently until you have a jam-like consistency. If you are using 
frozen berries they will release more liquid so you might need to cook 
for longer to thicken to the right jam consistency.
8. Whisk the egg whites using an electric hand whisk on full speed 
until stiff peaks form when the whisk is removed. Add the remaining 
175g sugar a teaspoon at a time, still whisking on maximum speed until 
the mixture is stiff and shiny. Transfer the meringue mixture to a 
piping bag.
9. Spread 4-5 tablespoons of the fruit jam over the set custard, then 
pipe the meringue on top.
10. Lower the oven temperature to 150C and return the pudding to the 
oven (not in the roasting tin with water) for about 25-30 minutes until 
the meringue is pale golden all over and crisp. Serve at once with 
pouring cream.